README.md, before:

OSGCC-web
=========

This is a reboot of Joe Frambach's OSGCC site
(https://github.com/joeframbach/osgcc) since I didn't want to work in
Node.js.

Open Source Game Coding Competition registration, competition, and judging.

Front-end: Twitter Bootstrap

Back-end: Ruby + Sinatra + MongoDB

Authentication via Github OAuth

## Setup

bundle install

register the app on Github (https://github.com/settings/applications)

set the callback url to your.domain/auth/github/callback

`cp api_keys.sample.yml api_keys.yml` and fill in your client id and client
secret

`rackup`

## The Idea

OSGCC admins will create a Competition model (name, start_time, end_time).

Users will log in via github and sign up for a competition. OSGCC will
generate a post-hook URL. All pushes to the user's git repo will post to
that url. OSGCC will log the user's commits throughout the competition to
ensure commits occur within the 24-hour period.

Need to figure out how to group several users in a single entry. Perhaps
have the users share a single unique post-hook URL.

Commit message:

update the README for project updates
add new installation instructions:
  install MongoDB (which was left out of the original instructions)
  creating a SECRET_TOKEN

remove front end description that claims the project uses bootstrap

README.md, after:

OSGCC-web
=========

This is a reboot of Joe Frambach's OSGCC site
(https://github.com/joeframbach/osgcc) since I didn't want to work in
Node.js.

Open Source Game Coding Competition registration, competition, and judging.

Ruby + Sinatra + MongoDB

Authentication via Github OAuth

## Setup

bundle install

register the app on Github (https://github.com/settings/applications)

set the callback url to your.domain/auth/github/callback

[install MongoDB](http://docs.mongodb.org/manual/installation/)

`cp api_keys.sample.yml api_keys.yml` and fill in your client id and client
secret

`cp env_keys.sample.yml env_keys.yml` and add a secret token for session
cookies. a simple way to do this is by running `ruby -rsecurerandom -e "puts SecureRandom.hex(32)"`

`rackup`

## The Idea

OSGCC admins will create a Competition model (name, start_time, end_time).

Users will log in via github and sign up for a competition. OSGCC will
generate a post-hook URL. All pushes to the user's git repo will post to
that url. OSGCC will log the user's commits throughout the competition to
ensure commits occur within the 24-hour period.

Need to figure out how to group several users in a single entry. Perhaps
have the users share a single unique post-hook URL.
